This is a head-gum original.
We're here to
write it at some read.
We're banking episodes, we've got another episode where nobody who works
then I work as on the episode.
Great.
Casey, are you on a voice of God, Mike though?
Yes, I am.
You're our anchor.
We've got, welcome back to the show.
We've never had this combination of guests, but we've got William Nicola's brick.
Hello.
Your last name's brick?
It is.
My first name.
Billy.
Billy, brick.
William, brick.
Sessily, bro.
Lucy.
Hi.
Thank you.
Coming at you live from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
Houston, Texas.
Yeah.
Pittsburgh.
Sorry.
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Oh, my God.
God.
I watch you work on it.
Oh, okay.
You're referencing my content.
I am.
I will say that.
So, Lucy's from Pittsburgh.
And you posted a TikTok and or real of how you'll say that.
And the people will be like, oh, my God.
I love Philadelphia.
Immediately.
And some of my best friends that I've known for years.
I mean, I'm certain that you have been like, are you going back to Philly for the
holiday?
I don't think I've said that once, actually.
Well, it must have been Mary.
Is that why is that a thing that people get confused?
Beats me.
They're different enough.
I guess they're both Pennsylvania cities that start with a P.
Right.
George Saba said that you're from Philadelphia.
Like a week ago.
Wow.
Okay.
Call him out.
I'm going to need his contact information.
I have to be texting him.
The fact that you don't have his number.
And he doesn't have yours as punishment enough.
Yeah.
That's true.
He can never reach me.
It's true.
Like your pillow situation.
This is good.
Yeah.
I tried to put it on the ground.
And then Billy was like, oh, I'm going to put it back.
Are you guys afraid of intimacy?
Emotional or physical?
Both.
Neither.
What about you, Billy?
What about this?
You're comfortable.
I can't take it off.
I took it off.
He said he wanted me to feel as uncomfortable as possible.
Yeah.
I'll certainly think he charges by just dying.
Just a deep sigh.
Well, you know.
Really nice.
That felt great for me.
I'm wasting Casey's time.
Okay.
Casey produces like nine shows.
All right.
Casey.
And we're trying to bank and put 10 episodes that we can take the time off for the holidays.
No.
It's hard for you.
You shouldn't have accepted the job if you couldn't handle it.
Yeah.
No.
I can handle it.
I just can't handle it without sign.
Mm-hmm.
Let's get to know each other a little bit.
Let's play some ice breakers because I know you too very well.
You specifically very well.
And I know you separately pretty well.
I'm creating a sliding skill because I've known
Sessley since I was 17.
Yeah.
Why don't you guys all share your like ice breaker fact?
No.
I can tell you.
You can.
Yeah.
I can't.
I cannot solve it.
I can't solve it.
No.
I can solve it.
How fast?
You used to be able to do it in under a minute.
But I would need to brush up my skills.
Yeah.
Damn.
But we'll wait.
Well, I didn't bring it.
I think we do have one.
Okay.
I could just take an hour or two to refresh.
And then I can come back and then solve it for you guys.
We're recording again at noon if either.
Okay.
Come back.
How long to take to learn to solve.
You don't know.
It probably took me like a couple days of there's like these algorithms you can memorize.
Oh.
And it took me a couple days of memorizing those.
And then I would just be like.
So I had a lot of friends.
I was wondering.
I was cool.
Yeah.
But good for you.
I want to get like an all diamond ruby cube.
So it's all the same.
I'll learn on every side.
No matter what.
Yeah.
I feel like you and I had the same trajectory of like into things that the people
don't care about.
Yeah.
Now we're just like very sexual.
Now we're like.
Which by the way, you've been really calling me out on Twitter for me.
Because you've been learning.
So horny on me.
Let's say more about that.
Can't.
So you can't.
It's just novel to me.
What's so horny about what I'm doing on Twitter?
Yeah.
Let's pull up your Twitter.
What's so horny about what I've been doing on Twitter?
Followers.
Billy, are you still on a gamefully employed relationship?
Nine hours ago.
You.
I want 30 in the morning.
You tweeted a grown divorce man.
That's accurate.
Oh, yeah.
My God.
It is that hand.
I need to delete that.
Question marks.
Question marks are sexy.
You like that?
Yeah, you do.
What's horny about that?
Not going to horny about a simple question.
I were a work in stocks and I fuck.
Can people please stop thinking they're mutually exclusive?
I mean, that's just.
I think that's back.
The hottest men have nightis terrors.
Yeah.
The hottest men have the nightis terrors.
That sounds like something you would have tweeted.
Well, that's right.
Yeah.
Exactly.
You also tweeted a picture of your ass.
Yeah.
What did you guys think of that?
I got your opinion on it, but I think.
Did you send it to me?
I might have showed it to you in person.
I don't think I got my eyes on it.
I'm not really on Twitter.
On a daybed reading book.
Oh, wait.
I did.
Yeah.
That's all.
Well, you wanted to see if there was a hole.
Yeah.
Sometimes I'm like, is it just a candle?
We kind of see hole.
It's almost 2023.
Show hole.
When we were shooting that.
We were doing me.
What?
What's that?
When we were on that shirt on that day.
It was me, the photographer, and then like sort of my closest confidant.
And George.
We had sort of my closest confidant.
We didn't have an intimacy coordinator, so it was like any time I took the trunk
off, right?
It would have to be like balls.
And then the photographer returned around.
And then I would say set.
Once like my dick was set.
Up and under me.
Up and under.
So did you like talk it up towards your belly?
Yeah.
It was exciting.
You're lying face down.
Why did you have to tuck your dick?
Because I was like.
How do you want me a little bit?
Where?
Why?
You just read my Twitter and he couldn't help it again.
Yeah.
I mean emotional abstinence.
Is there anything hotter?
JK.
I'm anti-avoidant now.
No more.
I'm all for avoidance and emotional abstinence.
I think you should abstain from all emotion.
It will set you free.
How's your emotional body?
And how's your physical body?
Let's hear about that guy.
She's nice.
I developed a wool allergy.
Oh, what?
Yeah.
I, you, yeah.
My eyes get all fucked up.
You can relate.
I'm sure.
Not even in a, you know, mean way.
I feel like that bonds us.
But yeah.
I can, I can no longer wear wool.
Um, on my body, because I'm my throat swells up.
And my eyes get bloodshot red.
Oh.
That does suck for you.
Because I feel like you're a big wool sweater head.
I was.
Yeah.
I gave all my sweaters to my brother.
Like a hero.
Dead sea.
Yeah.
Demsea.
We should do the all brick up.
Yeah.
You, Demsea, and what's your sister's name?
Ella.
Cute.
Yeah.
Ella's a heartbreaker name.
She'd love this show.
I love her.
Well, she's, she's an adult.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
I think you have to be 18 to guess from the show.
Yeah.
The subject matters pretty.
I would say yeah.
Yeah.
But let's stop talking about the underage ones.
You know?
But if you could get trauma, you wouldn't.
I would corner trauma into saying something cancelable on the show.
Hmm.
Um.
That'd be fun.
What the fuck was I about to say?
Are you still dead?
I am.
Can we get into it?
Thanks for asking now.
Um.
Yeah.
You can get into it long distance.
Yep.
So has that cyber ring?
We can't get into it.
Yeah.
Because this person is your partner lives in.
She lives in New York.
Um.
So I'm trying to.
Yes.
New York City.
Uh.
So she goes to the shrine.
Well, no.
She goes.
She goes to the school that my old school.
By stealing it and it's based off.
Wow.
How'd you all meet?
Uh, through friends.
We met through a friend.
Is there anything we're going to be dating through a friend?
Exactly.
What?
I'm sorry.
That's why I met Jeff.
Hey.
Oh.
Jeff and I are dating.
I just want to thank that clear.
It's that.
People don't say that because people are going to DM you a lot.
It's a joke.
Um, I would never.
I wouldn't be.
I would never.
Oh, let's hang on a minute.
There could be like a twin flame situation going on.
No.
I'm over it.
Next question on a moving on.
Um.
Do you guys want to talk about your loves lives?
Sure.
I just got out of relationship.
Baby.
Oh.
Are you going to make us out of the fact?
Yeah.
Where's one sound effects for that?
Play like.
Okay.
Yeah.
That feels good.
Um.
I want to act surprised, but I did hear about that.
Of course.
We run in the same circle, friend.
Yeah.
It's.
Just the season.
Coff don't.
Right.
So Lucy and Cecilia were dating two men and lived together.
We were dating roommates.
Yeah.
And now they're both gone.
They've been missing for weeks.
We can't find them.
So how's your like revenge era or revenge era?
Uh, I'm not into revenge.
I'm more of like, I'll let you go.
You know what I mean?
I've never been like.
But if you do that, they're going to come back.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah.
I think the thing about my friend Cecilia's.
Um.
I've never met a more resilient.
And also, I think that there's kind of like a no return policy.
Yeah.
Interesting.
So you don't back slide.
Oh, no.
No, no, no.
Well, my thing is that I'll be like, here's a million chances.
Chom.
And then take a sip.
Yeah.
I'll take a sip too.
All right.
Uh.
Excuse me.
Oh, I'll just give a million chances.
And then once it's done, I'm like,
it's like, okay, I tried.
And I, I let it go.
When I say that's enough.
No more.
It's like a turnoff.
You know, that's honorable.
Thank you.
Yeah.
What do you think?
What's been the hardest part of your guys is breakups.
And then I'm sorry.
Okay.
The flavor patterns in this area.
Oh, it's tough.
Fuck.
Okay.
Can you tell me when we're clear?
We're clear.
Oh, my God.
Um, okay.
So hardest part of your breakups.
Yeah.
We should say,
Wesley, yours is very recent.
Yeah.
Mine's pretty recent about a week ago.
Not even.
Okay.
Wow.
It goes tomorrow.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay.
Everyone, keep in touch.
Everyone's keep in touch.
I wasn't gossiping, but I heard wind.
I heard wind.
Yeah.
It's on the wind.
Certainly.
Yeah.
So a week tomorrow was mine.
And so far so good.
What's been the hardest part?
And then are you going out this week?
Oh.
Yeah.
You're not into revenge.
No.
I was going out before.
Like, I like to have fun, you know?
That's fun.
That's my thing.
I want to dance.
I want to thank you.
I got a scholarship for wanting to have fun.
Thank you.
Full ride.
For most fun girl.
Um.
What's the question?
What's the hardest part?
Yeah.
Well, the hardest part is like,
it's kind of wild when you're with someone for a bit.
And then you're like,
Casey later.
And then again,
it's just like,
I guess we'll never talk again.
And I just met your family.
Yeah.
I wish it had happened before I went back for the holidays.
That would have been sick.
Yeah, that was a big fumble.
Yeah, that was a fumble.
What I really appreciated that happening before.
Having to meet everyone.
Thank you.
Thanks, giving.
Yeah.
Tough stuff.
But, you know,
we learned.
I'm just silencing my phone.
I'm sorry.
It's inappropriate.
Yeah.
To be buzzing.
Please take a moment of silence.
What is your necklace, eh?
Libra?
Yeah.
How often do you see both sides of things?
Every single time I see both sides,
like Chanel.
Mmm.
Oh, my shit.
I think that's what gets me into trouble.
And just to make a seamless segue,
um,
plays into what has been the hardest for me about my conscious
on coupling.
Just.
You asshole.
We should.
Coupling.
I consciously encoupled,
and the hardest part for me,
because I'm a Libra,
is like,
trying to make it so fair,
and be like,
it's not fair for me to be angry or upset,
because like,
this is valid.
Everything is valid.
Yeah.
Um,
but then also just being like,
oh,
he was so hot.
Yeah.
It's such a shame.
I'm a Libra moon.
So I think that's what played a big part of me too.
I just was like,
well,
yeah,
let's be fair about this.
Like,
yeah,
maybe I'm not happy,
but maybe I will be like,
let's just see it through,
you know,
I'll give you a fair shake.
I can think of one thing that's not valid,
if that would help you guys
as Libra moon and Libra sun.
Yeah, tell us.
Speak on it.
Lucy's beetle juice looking at us.
I'll say it right now.
Yeah.
You look happy.
Just looking at us.
Cause you had a bad day.
You take the one down.
If you save us,
I saw you call me daddy.
Oh.
Yeah, you can.
I'm proud of my look today.
Billy,
you're Scorpio.
There it is.
Oh,
you can ask,
shitter,
you're getting up to long distance.
Why?
Stop asking me that.
I'm genuinely sorry.
You're trying to be word the same question.
My girlfriend's also a Scorpio.
I don't know if that.
And we have the same,
uh,
rising.
Okay.
That's good.
Yeah.
What's the rising?
Uh,
Leo.
Okay.
I'm a Leo rising.
Yeah.
You're a double Leo?
I forgot about it.
She's a piscus.
I'm a piscus.
Um, we do have to move on.
Okay.
No.
This was fun.
Can I quickly say I'm loving Billy's outfit?
Yeah.
And Billy's like a style icon.
I've truly changed the way I dress because partially because I'm a Billy.
I want to change the way I dress because of Billy.
No, you've always had good style.
I think like basics.
I don't know.
What's that?
You're telling me I don't need to change anything.
Well, there's things to change.
Oh, my God.
Just don't say your name three times.
Yeah.
I need to play another,
No, I need to play another.
I need to play another.
Yeah, I need to play another.
Yeah.
I need to play another.
There's a lot of nice music.
Oh, man.
I people lambasted me last week because I were overalls on this show.
Oh, yeah.
You're like, what is Jeff wearing?
I'm like, you guys,
what's normal to you.
That's pretty fucking normal to me.
Overalls cute.
Paddington normalized overalls.
Is that what did it?
I thought so.
Paddington is a fashion icon.
Yeah.
Just Paddington.
I don't know if we did this, I think we did this when you guys were on, but basically, Daniel Craig is out as double a seven and every episode.
Like excuse me, every week until the next James's cast, we're going to lob up our choices bond. This week my choice is Adam de Marca.
Oh my god, don't even get me started.
Don't get me started.
It's time for a kind bond.
A kind bond who's not like, if you get with him, you're not going to die.
A white sneaker bond.
Oh yeah.
Thank you, Moonen.
It's your choice for me now.
I don't know.
Cody Banks return.
No matter what.
Cody Banks come back, Row.
When I went to London when I was like eight with my family, because my parents finally had enough money
to travel.
I didn't want to be there.
I want to be at home.
But the one pull that I was like, can we please do it?
Is going to that haunted house, moat thing?
Because it was an Asian Cody Banks too.
Oh, what?
And then I chickened out.
You got scared, huh?
Yeah.
You got scared.
What does that mean?
Who are your guys' bonds of the week?
I'm going to have to go with Glenn Close.
I like that.
Glenn Close.
Tell me she couldn't nail it.
I heard she does her own stunts.
Yeah.
I'm not surprised.
Mine's going to be Steve O.
Because he does his own stunts.
I think he would be really good.
You're Steve O. doing bond.
So just say the name is James James Bond.
Oh, God.
I'm trying to remember his little hive voice.
It's like, kind of.
It's like smokers.
It's like.
It's chicken.
Bond.
James Bond.
That's pretty good.
That's awesome.
I'm not going to finish my Steve O.
But I'm saying.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
That's amazing.
That's incredible.
Let's see.
Other guy and more.
That's his name.
Leo James.
No.
Oh, you wouldn't be bad either.
Theo James would be good.
No.
I'm talking to the young British guy.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
I like him.
Fucking deep.
Isn't deep on someone?
Yeah.
He's doing a good job.
I really like him.
I think he's great.
I think everybody's doing a great job.
Everybody's awesome.
A movie or show so hard.
Oh, fuck.
It's like.
You see.
Yeah.
You want to talk about it.
And you said not really.
Say more about that.
Oh, no.
I.
I think everybody's.
I think everybody's so good in the white load.
Yes.
Please do.
He's different.
But I.
I also heard that Aaron Taylor's Johnson is up for.
James Bond potentially.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Aaron Taylor Johnson.
That's right.
That would be a good too.
Yeah.
I think what I heard is.
On your Taylor.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Aaron Taylor Johnson.
No.
He'd be great.
We have to move on.
Okay.
Copy to.
What makes spinnets.
Okay.
For here.
Different than French toast.
Ask the tasting table.
It's all about the frying.
They're typically frying olive oil instead of butter.
I don't understand.
Let's go.
Hi.
I'm disco.
Spanish.
Tortillas.
Or are you trying to say tortillas?
Tortillas with a jet.
It's like a French toast.
Okay.
But it's more of a Spanish toast.
Fried in olive oil instead of butter.
Yum.
And there's tons of variations on the shit.
Okay.
Discuss.
What do you mean asks the tasting table?
Yeah.
Oh, it's like, you know, per the tasting table.
It's like the peanut gallery.
Yeah.
Not what not food.
Are you going home for Pittsburgh?
I'm going home for Christmas to Pittsburgh.
I am.
Okay.
You have a brother.
I do.
And I know.
Yeah, you do.
You have a bunch of time.
I got you have a brother, right?
Yeah.
Back to the Tortilla because I'm just trying to keep us on track.
You guys.
Right.
If I may digress for just a spell.
Um, I'd love a big sis could be like the house band for the show for an episode.
Don't play with me.
I'm not.
I'll sign a contract right now.
We don't need you to do that.
We just need your show.
I agree to do it.
I ask you to.
Oh, my God.
Per the Wall Street Journal.
Tensions grew at Salesforce.
Between cozy E.O.s.
Benioff and Taylor ahead of leadership change.
What do we think?
Repeat that?
Yeah.
Tensions grew.
And this is the only one I'm going to repeat.
Oh, okay.
Tensions grew at Salesforce.
Between cozy E.O.s.
Benioff and Taylor ahead of leadership change.
Right.
So cozy E.O. Brett Taylor announced his exit from the publicly traded software company last week.
And I want to know what you guys think.
Are you guys reading the trades?
No.
Casey.
It's a tragedy.
Yeah.
Benioff has a son who writes novels.
Is that true?
Yeah.
You actually knew that?
What kind of novel?
And I read one.
It was good.
No, I wish he wrote erotica.
But I think that's all I have to say about it.
You know, follow your passions.
Follow your dreams.
Why not?
Billy?
I think they could work it out.
Because it's a Tensions grow.
Or did it grow?
Oh, oh.
Oh, he didn't agree.
Sorry.
He's already gone.
Oh.
Yes.
It's true.
Really.
What is just coming up?
He's not going to be yes.
This is all truly yesterday's news.
And this is coming up next Friday.
Okay.
It's a shame.
I wish.
It's a real shame.
More grown men in positions of power could work out there.
Yeah.
Issues in a safe and vulnerable setting.
I'm worried about them.
It's really hard for them.
It's hard for them.
I'm worried about grown men in power as well.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Right.
Oh, my God.
According to people magazine Beverly D'Angelo's ex has been gladly divorced
her so she could be without the China.
Sorry.
It's been gladly divorced her.
It's gladly divorced her.
It's a divorced her.
Nothing but air.
You.
Are we supposed to say something about that?
About the divorce?
Yes.
This is Charlize Tharen says her kids are not exactly sure what she does for a living.
Wait.
I didn't be able to put you down.
Things funny.
Yeah.
What would you get gladly broken up with slash divorced in order for a year?
Oh, that's really important.
That's a great question.
Uh, probably Nicholas Brown.
Really?
Yeah.
Because this guy said quote, he's fantastic because he was an Italian man.
I think if the person I was dating wanted to marry.
It had to be.
It has to be endgame though.
Oh yeah.
I'd be like 100%.
Of course you should.
Yeah.
You get succession money.
You get his apartment.
Yeah.
I think it's house.
You get that sky high money.
Yes.
Which pays not only dividends, but also residual.
Usually.
Because this guy was Italian, like Al Pacino was his wife.
He was the ultimate friend.
But why are you a Nicholas Brown in the same category?
Because I'm a white.
Long list.
You could have been.
Nicholas Brown.
You tried to combine you and Brown and thought you'd get away with it.
I had to say.
Julian Moore actually was one of my I was going to pitch for James Bond, but that would be
someone of the person who's like, look, Julian Moore is it for me.
I'd be like, well of course.
Of course.
Like, she's a treasure.
She's one of the best actors around.
And hot.
Timeless.
I think I would kill my partner before I let anyone else have them.
Are you jealous?
No.
I would.
I think I would.
It would be a Glenn close once again.
Glenn close always.
I'm having a big Glenn close moment.
I'm trying to think there's definitely somebody that I would not be mad about.
Somebody likes so much, but you'll have to get back to me on that.
Okay.
We'll check that out.
We are going to circle back because I want to know.
Yeah.
I got to know.
I feel.
I think I would be upset if they didn't have charm.
You know what I mean?
Like they need a personality too because otherwise I'm like.
Yeah, they're like a dime, but I'm like funnier than them.
So they would have to have it all.
I'd much rather the other way.
Just than be like a basic like not funny person.
You would not be jealous.
Yeah.
No.
Sorry.
The exact thing that you were saying.
All right.
We do have to take a quick break.
And we'll be right back after we think some sponsors.
Simply say, your home can be secure as fuck.
Thank you to Fairety for sponsoring this episode of our show.
Guys, Fairety is a family brand that was founded by Alex.
His wife, Carrie, and his twin brother, Mike.
That channels their love of beach lifestyle into clothing for life's greatest moments.
I've owned a couple of Fairety pieces of clothing.
Some of them have been deeply reversible.
These clothes are highly wearable, extremely versatile.
And extremely high quality.
One of the shirts I've had since 2017.
What five years before they started advertising on the show.
So I am a genuine fan of Fairety.
They make great clothes.
I could not recommend their brand.
More.
Fairety's passionate about craftsmanship, comfort, and sustainability.
They're ongoing partnership with native designers,
supports native communities while helping and appropriation in fashion.
Every piece is designed to be a lifetime favorite.
And if anything happens along the way, Fairety will replace or fix your clothes for life.
No matter what, so these clothes are truly made for longevity.
Nothing has happened to mind, but if anything ends up happening,
I'm sending it to Fairety.
Later up this winter with their best-selling legend, sweater shirts for men, women, and kids.
Recycled high-pile fleece jackets and new frost sweaters.
Fairety is giving all-head gun podcast listeners an amazing deal.
And that deal is 20% off your order.
Head to Fairetybrand.com slash what's that and use code?
What's that?
Check out to get this deal.
Again, that's code.
What's that at Fairety?
F-A-H-E-R-T-Y brand dot com slash what's that for 20% off?
That's a lot.
Most brands only give 10, 20's a lot, especially for these clothes.
Fairetybrand.com slash what's that?
Once again, thank you Fairety.
We have two more pieces of news today.
Charlize Theron says that her kids are not exactly sure what she does for a living.
I mean, she's not exactly booking.
Whoa, I think she's booked in Blast.
She's got Jador or whatever.
That's for sure.
She's got Jador.
Remember that commercial?
She did walking in Deo.
She's like walking in gold.
Done.
You don't like her.
She's cool as hell.
No, I like her.
One of the most successful actors on the planet.
Yeah, I'm not sure.
Remember her in monster?
I do.
It was so brave of her to gain 30 pounds for that.
I know.
Let's talk.
I'm waiting for the second someone told me I need to do that.
The rapper DJ Coward was bold over her.
It's good.
Toilet bold over her.
The birthday gift, Drake Senate.
Drake, thank you for this gift.
This is the most amazing toilet bowl I've seen in my life.
Oh, my God.
The match will wait.
He can't stop playing with the lead.
Raving about the future with the land.
Melissa.
With some of the features.
There's a UV-like clean system.
It got a UV-like cleaning system.
It's remote control operated.
This top of the line.
The total toilet retails for just over 20 pounds.
Oh.
Each.
It's called the Neo-Rest NX2.
That's like an empty horse called you.
You don't have a bag.
Actually, you don't have a bag.
You're sitting on it.
Apparently Drake is a toilet connoisseur.
Oh.
Everybody drinks out.
These toilet bowls are incredible.
Another rapper recorded this one.
It Drake's operated by a touch pad.
Huh?
And Drake himself wants to say that.
I don't know if you guys went to the toilet.
Yeah, but you know, the toilet plays park.
Toilet.
They look dry.
So they even have a toilet called the Drake.
This feels like a rust 600 box.
Yeah.
This is a rust.
I can keep for you guys.
Yes.
It is our work horse.
And this Drake.
This Drake.
Next time Drake comes to visit DJ Coward.
At least he'll have a nice place to sit.
Oh, nice place to sit.
Nice place to sit.
Yeah.
Ginny moats.
See you next.
Two.
Oh my god.
I think it's so sick that he won't go down on a woman, but he'll touch a toilet for
fucking ever.
Yeah.
That's sick.
That's.
It's the enthusiasm for me.
Yeah.
DJ Coward is always so enthusiastic about everything he's doing.
And he knows that we the best music.
We have the sick.
Oh, shit.
Um.
Well, I guess, yeah, we have to move on anyways.
We already played that game.
Welcome to.
Too many squats to handle.
Oh.
So the name of the game is too many squats to handle.
It's vaguely based off the Netflix show that shares the title.
Um.
And.
Uh.
But instead of like a bunch of hotties being shoved onto a beach and not
being able to hook up, it's going to be us having a squat contest.
Because I feel like three out of four of us have some of the greatest ass in the game.
Absolutely.
We know.
Yeah.
This is a video part.
I want to say medium.
And so I thought that to be fun if we are basically.
Um.
One by one in the hot seat.
Uh, sorry.
Let me see what I wrote for this.
Oh, I said, this one's a real stretch.
Okay.
Uh, one by one, each of us is going to be in the hot seat as we try to do as many
squats as we possibly can.
As you're squatting, you're going to be bombarded by as many deeply personal questions as
the others can muster for you.
Okay.
Person with the most squats and the most questions answered wins either $100
cash or a dinner date with me.
$100 cash.
Well, if you make one or the other, you get to pick one of the other.
Oh, cash.
No.
Dinner sounds great.
Are you paying for dinner?
Yeah.
Sure.
Okay.
So is this the concept of the show or is this what you're trying to, how
us do?
This is what we're about to do.
Okay.
I'm going to go last because there's no way this last more than two people.
You think it's going to fall off the rails become really, no, I think it'll be good.
Serving real Scorpio energy today.
I really love it.
You're fucking asshole.
Okay.
Anybody want to go first?
I can start us off.
I can go first.
Yeah.
The rules are you have to go for as many squads as you can handle.
And then everyone else will sort of ask deeply personal questions.
And for every squad is worth one point.
Every personal questions were two points.
Is there a time limit?
No.
It's for how long it's really squatting to drop.
Okay.
And I ask a question.
How much would I derail things if I said I have to be really bad?
Oh.
Lucy, we took a break.
We took a commercial break.
Okay.
Let's do the squats.
I just want like, yeah.
Because it's like, it's only 45 minutes.
I understand.
I'm sorry.
No.
It's like, you know what I'm sorry.
You know what I mean?
That's fair.
Let's do the squats.
You're going to give her a UCI.
I don't get you.
I'm cranberry juice from the fruit.
Yeah, there's a reason why we got it.
This is happened before.
I'm going to go to you.
Okay.
Oh.
Whatever.
See you.
Well, I was going to cut this out.
But now that it's just the board.
Yeah.
Kind of a, yeah.
Cool.
Side.
Oh my god.
All right.
I'm going to start.
Okay.
Very good.
All right.
I'm going to start.
Okay.
Oh my god.
Like do the squats.
All right.
Do you guys have personal questions lined up?
No.
Actually.
You're not.
You didn't prepare.
I do think that we should actually keep it to a time limit.
Because.
Well, you said.
I mean, it changed the rules now.
Because I think a lot.
I think I could go all day.
I do.
Me too.
I know.
And we only have like 18 more minutes.
Okay.
So.
So we'll just.
Six minutes.
Okay.
I will also say that I texted each of you guys individually last night being like do like egg nog.
I did.
And this is the healthy segment that I can't but instead.
All right.
This was the.
Oh, this was the.
What was the egg nog segment.
The egg nog segment.
I don't want to say because it's going to be on next week's episode.
Okay.
All right.
So should we just round robin the personal questions.
So we can keep it.
Yeah.
I think let's just.
Don't.
Let's not.
Let's go for it.
Okay.
All right.
Um.
What is your deepest fear?
I do this fear is.
Uh.
Like not accomplishing the things that I want to accomplish.
Or I get to start a timer.
And are we supposed to be counting on my phone?
Casey, are you keeping up with the points?
Because I certainly am not with how many squads are being done.
Sure.
Yeah.
Okay.
No question.
My deepest fear is like dying having not accomplished the things that I want to know.
Um.
Who broke your heart the most in your life?
Oh, that's a really good question.
Um, I've never been broken up with.
But um.
Oh, my God.
I will say that my life is the rod's been breaking up with my eyes.
Never been hard.
It was pretty painful because it was the first time I was that set.
Hmm.
What's your worst childhood memory?
My.
I'm not going to say that.
But yeah.
My parents are really bad.
Okay.
How do you feel about the fact that your worst fear is likely to come true?
I guess bad.
Worst date you've ever been on.
Uh.
Oh, my God.
I haven't answered for this.
Um.
I.
Well, it wasn't a date.
I just one time I made out with somebody in college.
And it was.
We were about to have sex.
And then it was so bad that I actually walked her home.
I think that was so bad.
Okay.
Good to know.
Yeah.
Do you think you're a good lover?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
God.
We've keep it rolling.
Yeah.
Oh, you're lying.
This is so much.
What do we act?
Which family member do you dislike the most?
Which.
Oh, my God.
Um.
I guess my.
Grandmother.
Tame.
It's thinking.
She's really judgmental.
What's the last time you felt truly insecure?
That's an amazing question.
Um.
Huh.
Jesus.
To the lot.
Why did I do this?
I think you can't wait.
I can't wait.
Oh.
I just shot a, well, I don't want to talk about it.
There was a time recently where I was like, oh,
recently where I was like oh I'm the least funny person in this room. How does it feel for that to still be true?
This isn't a roast. What was your childhood fear? I'm gonna just get back to the child's house. It's not like
it's just a lot. It's not like PC to say. Oh my god. Why didn't you stop? Why didn't you stop yelling?
Because I kept coming in like second to last play. Nothing worse. Were you into magic as a kid?
Yes. The gathering are like tricks. Tricks like tricks. Oh yeah. Yeah, that's much more time
to see how. There's 18. Okay, scared for you. Okay, um what do you think is your worst quality?
I think that I am a bad. I'm not the most loyal friend. Wow. Wow.
Because you're just you're done. Yeah. You got nothing but the truth left.
Oh, we're doing this because there's a we could all just one not do this and then you have to
put that all in his own. Which I'm game for you. Sam 108. Say it again. That was a lot. All right,
loose. All right, all right, here we go, timer. There we go. Go. Who would you seek revenge on?
Oh, I'll believe out their name, but first of all. My eighth grade math teacher is yes. How many people have
you had sex with in your life? Probably about. That's awesome. Have you been to a sex party?
No. You want to go to a sex party? Yeah. Okay. That's what regretfully means, Jeff.
Do more most left of center, King. Oh, what do you mean by left of center? Crazy.
Oh, I think like a bunch of dudes. Yeah. Yeah, like I'm scared of it, but I also am like,
what would that be like? Hmm. Was your closest friend that you want to fuck? First of
my last name. Oh, shit. Oh. Yes. Yes. Where's the wildest place you've hooked up?
In the NYU Law School courtyard. Oh, my God. Oh, yeah. What is your biggest insecurity?
That everyone thinks I'm, I'm really scared of everyone thinks I'm really fucking annoying.
Oh, I'm never sorry. Is it colored? No. Yeah, at least favorite body part.
The left side of my face. It's beautiful. Okay. This is not good for me.
I just have a best friend on that. Really cool. Yeah. You're so comfortable.
No, I'm not. Yeah. No, left side of it. What is it? You're just met? Yeah.
Would you ever straighten your hair? Oh. Yeah. Who is someone you would tell off right now?
Oh, you're an expert. I really thought she was going to say me because this is about when my
knees started to shake. God, there's a minute left. What's up? Yeah. You have a minute 10 seconds left.
What's something you wish you could change about yourself, but you know you will never will. Whoa. Wow.
Uh, uh, I wish I was more outspoken about my knees. Wow. That's, you can, you know.
Fucking, uh, what's uh, guys? What's your biggest dream that you'd like to have come true?
Yeah. Wait, Lotus Season 3. Nice. What's your intention for 2023?
Be more luxurious. Whoa. What would you hook up with on my Lotus?
Lucia, duh. Oh. And the dad. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Chris Persever. Yeah. Chris Persever. All right.
20s, three seconds left. Um, what? If you could live anywhere except for LA, where'd you live?
Fucking, like, oh, oh. Of course. First and last name of the best lover you've ever had.
Ooh.
Oh, I don't want to say no. Uh. Oh, I know who it is. No, you don't.
All right. You're got, you're done. You're done. You're done. How many was that?
I can see. That was 92 squats. Yeah. But how many personal questions? Yeah.
I'm like, Chris. Oh, so they get it. So we got to, we got to start again. I think we got to do it.
We got to do another round. There's no way. No, you didn't count the personal questions.
I can do it in post. The squats and the point. Yeah.
You can't. Yeah. Let me know who won in post. I don't know where I'm going to do my squats.
You have to do ask camera. Coach, you're doing it. Or if you want to do it off camera,
you're on my access so that you're about chasing me. Okay. What's word? Okay.
Yep. No one look. I also grow all of these. I'm going to use the camera angles that don't show
offer as sorry audience. All right. Three, two, one go. Who is too hot to handle amongst your
friend group? Fuck. Oh, so don't fuck this. No. Too hot to handle a
friend group. Oh, no. Um, who did you ever want to fuck any of your ex's close friends? Yes. Who?
No, who not handle this? I want it to fuck. Oh, God. Oh, this is hard. I want it to fuck.
Friend. Which makes no sense whatsoever. Not what I said. Uh, what? Who most famous person you've
ever kissed? Oh, God. Um, I don't know if I've kissed anyone famous. I'm the famous one.
What is your? What is your biggest insecurity? Um, that I don't go for what I want.
And I hold myself back. I think you do go for what you want. Okay, thanks girl. Thanks girl.
I want to be known that Billy didn't ask you any questions and he has yet to ask us like,
I don't think I'm going to fall just a bit in this game. Uh,
cessly, would you ever go brunette? Uh, yeah. I went. When? Uh, for a fucking role that I get an
Oscar for. And then I don't know before the role went before when before the role went. Before the role
went like like what like you're going brunette. I mean, we've decided it. When? Today.
Got it. Where do you think you rank in the hotness of all your closest friends? That's a
really good. Me. Uh, and then you have to list two your closest friends over before you do this.
Oh, because it's gonna get our intimate. Um, uh, minute 10 left. Third.
Behind you, behind you. Lucy. Um, no. If you, if you won the lottery, who's someone close to you
that you wouldn't tell because you don't trust them. Oh, sorry. Yeah. What?
Oh, have you ever had a sex room about Jeff? Yes. Sorry. It's all right. I have.
We can be honest here. Uh, I deal haircut for your husband.
Uh, that's not a hard day. Oh, you care about his hair. I'm just trying to do it. Oh, you
guys aren't saying anything. Okay. You have a bun. Okay. You're rushing about here. What would
you like to die from? Oh, um, it's a really good question. Having so much sex. Would you ever, um,
if you, uh, you gave up on acting. What would you do? Die. Okay. Good. Um, and then we have one more one.
One more one. Flash. Uh, if I had to. Yeah. Just right. Oh, just right. How many was that? Okay. See.
98. What? Come on, man. I was going. Yeah. I'm going to have to. You guys are going to have to
each pay me 33. Right. So I was hoping you'd get two more to break a hundred. Yeah. See,
this is lying to me. And you're fucking lying, Casey. I know. Okay. You guys were doing full
squash. Jeff was kind of doing half squash. Jeff was doing half squash. What was that? That's,
that's, that's what you really score in half. In half. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I all allow it. That's hard. Yeah.
Jeff. You too. And then, is it, is that tie? You tie? No, it's absolutely be me. Oh. I thought you had
98, too. I think I had 92. 92. Oh, because I'm not. You just flat out. I don't know. Yeah. I don't know.
It feels like, I don't know. It feels like I don't. I don't want to play this game. And I, I agree
with you. It's not fun to do. But this is all going on the internet. And then if you don't do it,
people are going to think you're born. I understand that it's like when Shaq did hot ones and everyone's
like, oh, you, like, I'm going to do that. The thing is, like, he knew what the show was before he
he signed up for. And you didn't. I did it. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well,
Scorpio, very slippery to feel. To not want to share. I don't want to do either part of it.
I don't want to do squats. And I don't want to answer for such a question.
Did you design this game specifically for? The boy said no. Yeah. I had to outline two full episodes
last night. So I was just like, yeah, we'll do that. Yeah. No, it's good. It's great. I came out with the
title before people. Too many squats. I think that's a sick party game actually. I would
get that. I would play that again right now. Me too. That was good. That was good. That was a great
party game. Yeah. Yeah. People can make fun of me on the internet. I don't care. Wouldn't be the first time
that was too many squats to handle. It's weird that I won. That doesn't really feel like
fair. You were doing half squats. I have to check the video because it did not feel like that.
You weren't giving. I was going to call your ankles, which is poor for him. Which is poor for him.
So your form is bad. Our form good. Your ankles were bad too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The ankle to
blonstone ratio. Oh my gosh, because we're like Nike with blonstone. Oh,
see, he goes crazy. Oh my god. Then I got, then sesame you win. Oh, say. I'm not a
good Jeff. I really needed to plug in here. Because we know you don't want to go on a date with that.
I'm really strapped for cash right. It feels a Christmas shopping. And be sure. So you're already
saying no to the dinner. It's like no. I can't. No, it will talk. Okay. I love how Jeff won and we're all just like
no, he didn't. No, he didn't. I won. I truly currently don't have a hundred dollars in my bank account.
That will venue you in the next couple of days and then I will put that Venmo transfer
on the video. Yeah. Tell me more facts about it. Tell me the logistics more.
Again, you design these games. You have full control over the entire show. If you didn't have
a hundred dollars, you should have just made the prize less. Well, I thought I was going to win.
Oh my god. You need a money. Yeah. I did it. Yeah. He was dead if you had to get you. I would just like,
you know, put it on my tight. Put it on my time card and call it hosting the head
gun body. You have a green phone. It's that. You have a green phone. Yeah. Can I see it?
Oh, sorry. You cracked the screen on purpose. In his bare hands. Can I move this table back?
Yeah. So I can put my drink down. We're about to wrap up, but yeah. Yeah. Go ahead, Billy.
This can be a nightmare to edit because of all the shit.
Oh, I definitely smell. Well, we did all just do a hundred squats.
Guys, we've made it through another episode of the head gun podcast. Thank you so much for coming
on a 10 AM on a Thursday. When you have a heart out and you have a heart out, both at 1130.
It's two miles out to go. When do you have to, well, to work to the house?
Um, Sessley makes over a hundred thousand dollars a year.
Um, let's plug. What do you guys have going on? When you want to point to people too,
the four years, let's start with Sessley. Um, let me think. I'm on an episode of the drop out
if you haven't seen it yet. And they've seen it. They've seen it. I've gotten DMs about seeing you on that.
Oh, my god. I'm in a show. I have a show with Lucy called Teddy committee. Our next show is going to be
February. First Thursday of the week. And just follow me on at Sessley bro on Instagram and
TikTok. Hell yeah. Uh, same thing to the committee show. And my socials are at Lucy,
Ble. I'm looking right down the barrel. Also, I'm doing other standup comedy shows around the
city. And I will be hopefully putting out a sitcom. Oh, not anytime soon. But hopefully it gets
made soon. Well, I'm saying so watch the mini series of it online at oversharing.tv and follow my
band Big Sis. Yeah. I think Sessley's great. Billy. Um, I made a movie with my friend that I'm I'm really
excited about. Um, but uh, it's not coming out soon. So when it does apply, all have Jeff, uh,
just Jeff will be posting about it a lot. So, um, that's that's yeah. Keep an eye out for that.
Hopefully I'll be posting about it. Yeah. I have a social media brand. Yeah.
All right. Jeff won't be posting about it all. I'll come back. I'll come back on this.
You'll come back. Yeah. Um, and you're about to go to that office right now.
I did it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Can't come.
Uh, at Jeff Weirdy on Twitter at Jeffrey James on Instagram. Thank you guys for listening in this episode
of the show. And uh, happy holidays. Happy holidays. Happy holidays.
This whole thing was does.
That was a hit-dum original.
You